---
title: "The New Year Post"
date: "2020-01-01"
draft: false
path: "/blog/newyear"
---
Looking back on 2019, I'm proud of myself for the professional moves I've made, but more so, I'm proud of the personal growth I've had. I started the year off in a doldrum state, just floating through the day to day. But unexpectedly, I fell in love, traveled, had my heart broken, moved from the place I lived for 5 years prior, started therapy again, got sober, started a freelance business, and got a promotion, to name the big events. I had a lot of ups with a couple of massive downs. Still, I handled those debilitating stretches of depression better than Past Tanner would have, and I came out the other side knowing myself more than I ever have before. At 30 years old, I finally feel like I know who I am and feel confident enough to stand in that light. Hey, some of us are late bloomers.
Looking forward to 2020, I have stacked my list of goals higher than ever before. I want to finish the novel I started a couple months ago (30k words, I'm getting there, don't judge). I want to get a few short stories published. I want to continue expanding my freelancing business, working slowly towards that goal of being my own boss someday. I want to keep forcing myself to go out and be social, going against my hermetic nature. I plan on moving to Colorado when my lease is up in August, and I've never moved cross-country before, so that is exciting and terrifying. But mostly, I want to keep connecting with new people and deepening the friendships I have. If I came out of 2019 with one lesson learned it's that our only legacy will be the friendships we make and the lives we can brighten, if only just a little. So I don't really make resolutions, but I guess I do have one for this year: bring joy to the people I love.